---
layout: default
title: mkhl.github.com
subtitle: Martin K&uuml;hl’s GitHub page&mdash;now with more bullet points
---

<div class="span-12">

h2. About

p. Martin Kühl is a software developer from Germany with an interest in computer languages and development tools. He is currently a student of informatics at the "University of Bremen":uni-bremen specializing in formal methods of software development and working on his thesis project.

p. He enjoys using -- and developing on -- both Linux and Mac OS X, learning about and applying interesting technologies, and searching for the "Quality Without a Name":qwan. His favourite monospaced fonts are "Terminus":terminus and "Inconsolata":inconsolata.  He currently writes code in either "TextMate":textmate or "Aquamacs":aquamacs, manages versioning with "Git":git, and enters commands into the "Bash shell (version 4)":bash.

p. Martin believes that "less is more":less-is-more, that "worse is better":worse-is-better, that "there is no silver bullet":silver-bullet, and that code "must speak for itself":humane-programming.

[aquamacs]http://aquamacs.org/
[bash]http://www.gnu.org/software/bash/
[git]http://git-scm.org/
[humane-programming]http://hkn.eecs.berkeley.edu/~dyoo/programming/human.html
[inconsolata]http://levien.com/type/myfonts/inconsolata.html
[less-is-more]http://www.designboom.com/portrait/mies.html
[qwan]http://www.munnecke.com/islands/qwan.htm
[silver-bullet]http://www.virtualschool.edu/mon/SoftwareEngineering/BrooksNoSilverBullet.html
[terminus]http://www.is-vn.bg/hamster/
[textmate]http://macromates.com/
[uni-bremen]http://www.informatik.uni-bremen.de/
[worse-is-better]http://www.dreamsongs.org/WIB.html
[zsh]http://www.zsh.org/

</div>

<div class="prepend-2 span-7 last">

<hr class="space" />

h3. Elsewhere

p. %(pull-2 span-2 right)*Email*%                       %(email)<n uers="znvygb:znegva.xhruy@tznvy.pbz">znegva.xhruy@tznvy.pbz</n>%
   %(pull-2 span-2 right)*Location*%                    Germany
   %(pull-2 span-2 right)*Jabber*%                      %(email)znegva.xhruy@tznvy.pbz%
   %(pull-2 span-2 right)*IRC(Internet Relay Chat)*%    perdix on "Freenode":irc-freenode
   %(pull-2 span-2 right)*Twitter*%                     "@mkhl":twitter
   %(pull-2 span-2 right)*BitBucket*%                   "mkhl":bitbucket
   %(pull-2 span-2 right)*GitHub*%                      "mkhl":github
   %(pull-2 span-2 right)*Google*%                      "martin.kuehl":google-code
   %(pull-2 span-2 right)*Ohloh*%                       "mkhl":ohloh
   %(pull-2 span-2 right)*CAN(Calendar About Nothing)*% "mkhl":calendar
   %(pull-2 span-2 right)*Soup*%                        "mkhl":soup

[bitbucket]http://bitbucket.org/mkhl
[calendar]http://calendaraboutnothing.com/~mkhl
[github]http://github.com/mkhl
[google-code]http://code.google.com/u/martin.kuehl
[irc-freenode]irc://irc.freenode.net
[ohloh]http://ohloh.net/accounts/mkhl
[soup]http://mkhl.soup.io/
[twitter]http://twitter.com/mkhl

</div>

<hr />


<div class="span-6">

h3. Contribution

* "Quick Search Box":qsb
* "Espresso":espresso Sugars ["1":bash-sugar, "2":textile-sugar]
* "TextMate":textmate Bundles ["1":shellscript-bundle, "2":maude-bundle]
* "Rush":rush
* "Hets":hets
* "Nu":nu
* "Rubinius":rubinius
* "Samba 4":samba4
* "SXEmacs":sxemacs
* "PAbbrev":pabbrev

[bash-sugar]http://github.com/mkhl/bash.sugar
[espresso]http://macrabbit.com/espresso/
[hets]http://www.informatik.uni-bremen.de/cofi/hets/
[maude-bundle]http://github.com/mkhl/maude.tmbundle
[nu]http://programming.nu/
[pabbrev]http://homepages.cs.ncl.ac.uk/phillip.lord/emacs.html
[qsb]http://code.google.com/p/qsb-mac/
[rubinius]http://rubini.us/
[rush]http://rush.heroku.com/
[samba4]http://samba.org/samba/devel/
[shellscript-bundle]http://github.com/mkhl/shellscript.tmbundle
[sxemacs]http://sxemacs.org/
[textile-sugar]http://github.com/mkhl/textile.sugar

</div>

<div class="prepend-1 span-6">

h3. Inspiration

* "The Humane Interface":humane-interface
* "Io":io
* "jQuery":jquery
* "Plan 9":plan-9
* "Quicksilver":quicksilver
* "Scheme":scheme
* "Smalltalk":smalltalk

[humane-interface]http://rchi.raskincenter.org/index.php?title=Core_Principles
[io]http://iolanguage.com/
[jquery]http://jquery.com/
[plan-9]http://plan9.bell-labs.com/plan9/
[quicksilver]http://docs.blacktree.com/quicksilver/what_is_quicksilver
[scheme]http://schemers.org/
[smalltalk]http://www.smalltalk.org/

</div>

<div class="prepend-1 span-7 last">

h3. Repositories

<div id="repos"><ul></ul></div>

</div>
